{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\deff0\deflang1049{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset204 Verdana;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2508;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\cf1\b\f0\fs20 @@1\cf0\b0\par
\lang1033\f1\fs16 @@2\par
\par
\cf1\b\fs20 @@3\cf0\b0\fs16\par
@@4\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc Project Home: http://code.google.com/p/d900cdr-decoder/\par
Send Feedback: mailto:diman.dba@gmail.com\lang1049\f0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\cf1\b Usage:\cf0\b0  \b CDR.Decoder.exe\b0  [/s] <\b cdr-file.cdr\b0  | \b /d:source-directory\b0  | \b /j:job-file.job\b0 >\par
 \par
\b /s\b0  - Autorun decoding process. In the end of the decoding process, the program will return result-code.\par
\par
If you specify a name of CDR-file, then the decoder will create a new job with  the settings by default to decode the file.\par
\lang1033\f1\par
Or:\lang1049\f0\par
\b /d:\b0  - Specify the directory that contains the CDR-files. You can use wildcards "." and "?" in path-string.\par
\b /j:\b0  - Load the saved job settings.\par
\pard\par
\par
\pard\qc Copyright (c) \lang1033\f1 2009, 2010\lang1049\f0  \lang1033\f1 Dmitry N Arkhipov\lang1049\f0\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\par
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal\par
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights\par
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell\par
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is\par
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
\b The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in\par
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\b0\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\par
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER\par
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,\par
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN\par
THE SOFTWARE.\par
}